Update define-mail-flow-rules-to-encrypt-email.md (#11936)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/define-mail-flow-rules-to-encrypt-email.md

As an administrator that manages Exchange Online, you can create mail flow rules (also known as transport rules) to help protect email messages you send and receive. You can set up rules to encrypt any outgoing email messages and remove encryption from encrypted messages coming from inside your organization or from replies to encrypted messages sent from your organization. You can use the <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2059104" target="_blank">Exchange admin center (EAC)</a> or Exchange Online PowerShell to create these rules. In addition to overall encryption rules, you can also choose to enable or disable individual message encryption options for end users.

> You can't encrypt inbound mail from senders outside of your organization.  If a mail flow rule is setup to encrypt mail that Exchange Online considers coming from outside the organization, mail will be rejected and returned to the sender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can't encrypt inbound mail from senders outside of your organization. If a mail flow rule is set up to encrypt mail that Exchange Online considers coming from outside the organization, mail will be rejected and returned to the sender.
```
